readme.md, before:

#imgscale plugin 0.0.1

Image scale for Yellow with dimmed background and subtitle, CCS only, no Javascript required.

## The Idea Behind

I wanted to have a simple use of images in my blog (http://blog.nosi.de → German only). So I created a CSS style that places images, included with standard markdown, always on the right side of the text, reduced to maximum of 40% textwidth. In much cases this is too small for details.

To avoid loading external and huge javascript, I created a few more CSS styles and this plugin, to expand the basic behaviour.

The image is scaled to it´s maximum size of itself or — if too large for viewport — 90% width or 80% height aspect ratio kept. It is *not* scaled to max-width!  

## How do I Install This?

1. Download and install [Yellow](https://github.com/datenstrom/yellow/).
1. Donwload imgscale.php and copy it into the `system/plugins` folder.
1. Add the required css styles to your style sheet (see below)

## How To Add A Scaled Image?

Create a `[imgscale TheImage TheTitle TheID]` shortcut.

The following arguments are available:

`TheImage` = Filename and path (relative to `media/images` !) to the image, **required**     
`TheTitle` = The Title for the image as `title` tag and subtitle. If missing, currently replaced by „Keine weitere Bildbeschreibung“     
`TheID` = The ID of the target. If missing, replaced by a timestamp (**not unique** if more than one image!)

It´s licensed under [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).


### Required CSS Styles

You may alter this formats to your needs.


~~~.css

.content img {
    border: 0 none;
    height: auto;
    max-width: 40%;
    outline: 0 none;
    float: right;
    padding-left: 1em
}
.imgnote,
.closer {
    display: none
}
.content span: target img {
    max-width: 90%;
    max-height: 90%;
    padding: 0;
    border: 1500px solid #0a0a0a;
    border: 1500px solid rgba(10, 10, 10, .9);
    -webkit-background-clip: padding-box;
    background-clip: padding-box;
    background-color: #fff;
    position: fixed;
    top: 50%;
    left: 50%;
    max-width: 90%;
    max-height: 80%;
    transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
    -webkit-transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
    -moz-transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
    -o-transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
    -ms-transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
    cursor: default
}
span: target .imgnote {
    position: fixed;
    bottom: 1%;
    left: 50%;
    max-width: 90%;
    max-height: 8%;
    transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
    -webkit-transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
    -moz-transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
    -o-transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
    -ms-transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
    padding: 1rem;
    z-index: 99;
    background-color: #fff;
    font-size: 1rem;
    display: block
}
span: target>.closer {
    position: fixed;
    z-index: 100;
    right: 2%;
    top: 2%;
    font-size: 6rem;
    display: block
}

~~~

Commit message:

Rename of plugin recommended (see https://github.com/datenstrom/yellow/issues/57#issuecomment-187247143).
Some small modifications, update readme.

readme.md, after:

#imgpop plugin 0.0.3

CSS only image popup for Yellow with dimmed background and subtitle, no Javascript required.

## The Idea Behind

I wanted to have a simple use of images in my blog (http://blog.nosi.de → German only). So I created a CSS style that places images, included with standard markdown, always on the right side of the text, reduced to maximum of 40% textwidth. In much cases this is too small for details.

To avoid loading external and huge javascript, I created a few more CSS styles and this plugin, to expand the basic behaviour.

The image pops up to it´s maximum size or — if too large for viewport — 90% width or 80% height aspect ratio kept.

## How do I Install This?

1. Download and install [Yellow](https://github.com/datenstrom/yellow/).
1. Donwload imgscale.php and copy it into the `system/plugins` folder.
1. Add the required css styles to your style sheet (see below)

## How To Add A Popup Image?

> Small and big image are the same. This means, that calling the page, loads the full image, but showing the full size needs no reload. Therefore you should optimize your images to a suitable size. Big enough but as small as possible, to reduce required bandwidth. The image is limited to its true size with the styles below. You can alter this. Be aware, that small images zoomed to bigger than true size very seldom look nice.


Create a `[imgscale TheImage TheTitle TheID]` shortcut.

The following arguments are available:

`TheImage` = Filename and path (relative to `media/images` !) to the image, **required**     
`TheTitle` = The Title for the image as `title` tag and subtitle.     
`TheID` = The ID of the target. If missing, replaced by a timestamp (**not unique** if more than one image!). 

> You should *always* give an unique ID for the image.

Missing filename and missing title are are notified with a text in output page, that can be altered in head of plugin:

- `onst NoTitle = "Keine weitere Bildbeschreibung";` 
- `const NoImg = "<b>Bildquelle fehlt</b>";`



It´s licensed under [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).


### Required CSS Styles

You may alter this formats to your needs.


~~~.css

.content img {
    border: 0 none;
    height: auto;
    max-width: 40%;
    outline: 0 none;
    float: right;
    padding-left: 1em
}
.imgnote,
.closer {
    display: none
}
.content span: target img {
    max-width: 90%;
    max-height: 90%;
    padding: 0;
    border: 1500px solid #0a0a0a;
    border: 1500px solid rgba(10, 10, 10, .9);
    -webkit-background-clip: padding-box;
    background-clip: padding-box;
    background-color: #fff;
    position: fixed;
    top: 50%;
    left: 50%;
    max-width: 90%;
    max-height: 80%;
    transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
    -webkit-transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
    -moz-transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
    -o-transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
    -ms-transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
    cursor: default
}
span: target .imgnote {
    position: fixed;
    bottom: 1%;
    left: 50%;
    max-width: 90%;
    max-height: 8%;
    transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
    -webkit-transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
    -moz-transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
    -o-transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
    -ms-transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
    padding: 1rem;
    z-index: 99;
    background-color: #fff;
    font-size: 1rem;
    display: block
}
span: target>.closer {
    position: fixed;
    z-index: 100;
    right: 2%;
    top: 2%;
    font-size: 6rem;
    display: block
}

~~~
